Background of the Technology topic 
	In the year 1968, the very first “Augmented reality” device was named  "The Sword of Damocles” made by a Harvard professor and computer scientist, Ivan Sutherland, it was made so that the user experienced computer-generated graphics that enhanced their sensory perception of the world.

	Augmented Reality is in a realm of technology called “Immersive Technology” which focuses on immersing the user by integrating virtual content with the physical environment which makes it engageable. There are different types of these technology like Virtual Reality which is an experience which one can interact within computer generated environments, Augmented Reality which adds a layer of computer generated environment on top of the real world, and Mixed Reality that takes both Augmented and Virtual Reality and combine them to a world that we can both interact with physically and digitally. These types of technology immerses us to better understand the media that is used upon.
Conclusion and Recommendation
With the revolution of Augmented reality it will help shape the future through immersion and features that it provides to further push innovations and positively change the world. Through this research we were able to look into the history of augmented reality, to differentiate the types of Immersive technology, know how augmented reality is used, the advantage of using such a technology and overall the future of immersive technology.

Our recommendation are to stay vigilant with the development with Augmented Reality as technology evolves everyday, we may never know what may development within the years of the technology’s lifespan, as well as to look into more possible applications where AUgmented reality can be used as there are always more ways to improve mundane tasks with technology
They are called “Immersion Technologies” where the focus is to immerse the user 


Augmented Reality
	It is a technology that allows the superposition (adding a layer) of digital elements into the real-world environment. In the AR experience, you can see a composite view of physical or real-world elements and digital elements. However, there is no interaction between the digital elements and the physical world elements. 
Example is Google Maps
Virtual Reality
	It is a technology that allows the creation of a fully-immersive digital environment. In VR experiences, the physical or real-world environment is entirely blocked out. 
Example is the Meta Quest
Mixed Reality
	It is a technology that allows not only the superposition of digital elements into the real-world environment but also their interaction. In the MR experience, the user can see and interact with both the digital elements and the physical ones. Therefore, MR experiences get input from the environment and will change according to it.  It is still in it’s early stages, but concepts are promising
Examples is Google Glasses

TL;dr
Augmented reality (AR): a view of the real world—physical world—with an overlay of digital elements.

Mixed Reality (MR): a view of the real world—physical world—with an overlay of digital elements where physical and digital elements can interact.

Virtual reality (VR): a fully-immersive digital environment.




User:
  The most essential part of augmented reality is its user. The user can be a student, doctor, or employee. This user is responsible for creation of AR models.

Interaction:
 It is a process between device and user. The word itself consists of its meaning: some action performed by one entity as result in creation or some action performed by another entity.

Device:
 This component is responsible for creation, display and interaction of 3D models. The device can be a portal or in a static state. Example, mobile, computer, AR headsets etc.


Virtual Content: 
The virtual content is nothing but the 3D model created or generated by the system or AR application. Virtual content is a type of information that can be integrated in a real world user’s environment. This Virtual content can be 3D models, texture, text, images etc.

Tracking
: This component is basically a process which makes possible creation of AR models. Tracking is a sort of algorithm which helps to determine the device where to place or integrate the 3D model in a real world environment. There are many types of Tracking algorithms available which can be used in development of AR applications.

Real-life entity
: The last component of AR architecture is real world entities. These entities can be trees, books, fruits, computers or anything which is visible on screen. AR application does not change the position of a real life entity. It only integrates the digital information with this entities.

